Add Version Updates documentation (#35)
nodes-vapor/nstack: README.md

Please note that the leaf tag always uses the **current application** with the **default translate config** that you have provided.

### Version Updates 

> NStack has an ability to retrive the last version for a centrant platform. You can achive that with `getLatestVersion(for platform: Platforms) -> Future<UpdateVersion?>` method, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NStack has the ability to retrieve the latest version for a certain platform. You can achieve that with the `getLatestVersion(for platform: Platforms) -> Future<UpdateVersion?>` method, e.g.:
```
